My song of victory

Praise the Lord!!

I praise my God our soverign god, who is my fortress and protector.

He cares for me, he loves me and i remember his wonderful deeds which he did in my lifetime, i also praise him for the wonderful deeds
which he does for me even for the days to come in my future.

My God who never forsakes me, you being my strong hold, in you i trust even when i go to the deepest pit in this world. You hear my cry when i am alone.

You are my god who cannot be compared to any other gods in this world, no god like you gives the food of angels to your people, ever since and never before.

You have been my shield and you cover my head, with your feathers. Lord when people accuse me for the things which i have not done, you heal my wound.
You hold me with your everlasting promises which you keep in all our generations. Today i am alive is because of you lord, your love for me holds me tight around my neck.

I thank you lord, you gave me the victory against my enemies. You have avenged them for the wrong and wicked deeds which they have done against me. You remember their deeds and punish them at the right moment and wipe them out from the place of living.

Lord, you remove my sin, as though the mist disappears when the sun shines.

I wait for your lips to be moved for me, because its the spring of life which never goes dry.

My soverign god, you removed my widowhood, and given me new life, i praise you. You protect me as though a husband protects his beloved wife.

My goodness will come from you my lord, i would wait at the gates of heaven than to live in this world which is corrupt and deceit.

You bless my hands of work and provide me with enough corn and bread, you heal me with the blood of jesus and make me clean.

Lord, you are my answer, you are my mighty arm which saves me in distress.

My God, Put the court of armour for me and judge my case. Show your steadfast love for me Lord, Let my accusers be punished in front of me, How pity on them for those wicked people to fall on my Lords anger. Father, you make your people not to be the tail instead he will be the head in front of others.

Lord, in you i trust, i wait patiently for your answer, as though the cubs waits for food from its lioness mother. Lord, you will comfort me again which my heart knows though the people think that its worthless to wait!

God my father, there is no god like you who is with me even at my distress, after all am nothing!!

Lord, you have been my help for all the time, your ears are sharper when i speak. Your patience cannot be compared to anything in this world. Father, your one word is my answer. Its better to wait for you than to please worthless people. Even my soul will look for you lord when i die because my soul knows that you are the creator. 

My god, i want to argue my case with you, but i am not holy, i cant say am blameless. I would rather ask for your mercy and ask to judge my case in my favour Lord.

Father, answer me, your silence sometimes makes me helpless, but my redeemer lives, he loves and cares for me, i would wait for him because i dont have none to whom i can trust with. Your answer for me will make my suffering to vanish. Your word for me is which i long for. You will make me strong, with my heads top as how israel came from exile to their own land.

Lord, you judge everyone with the deeds, you know me and my deeds. i would never consider you to judge my case with my offerings and with my deeds, rather judge my case with your loving kindness Lord. You are my hope, you are my strength, you are my breath. 

My god, am just like a worm in front of you of Lord, I dont have anything which i could give you except my heart and soul. You are my strength when my heart breaks. You bind me with your promises. Your hand lies on my head which is unseen to others. Your words for me makes me stronger in faith. No thing can hurt me till you are with me Lord. 

Your sword is getting sharper day by day for my enemies. Pour your flaming anger on my enemies, Never make them escape for they have not shown mercy to me. Father dont show mercy to them when they cry to you Lord, as they have taken your Law as worthless.	

God, where could i hide from your anger? There is no place for me where i could hide from your burning flame. Father, turn your anger to love for me, atleast i will be saved.

My Soverign God, turn my sorrow to joy, which only you can give, no one can understand my situation which i have gone through. Your merciful god, when will you turn to me and say a word so that i can live?

Lord, you are near to me, you hear me, you understand me when i speak, you hold me when i fall, you get angry with me when i sin, you correct me when i am sinful, but you can also love me and save me father. People who dont know me make fun of me and they make jealous of me, i have become a scorn to the people whom i see Lord, i hide my sorrows from my best pals. They think i dont have suffering but my lips makes me smile so that i can hide my sorrows.	 

You are my answer, you have stored my tears in your bottle. You give the judgement against my enemies Lord, for they are stubborn and they ruined my life. 

People ask me where is the god whom i worshipped, why doesn't your god answer, doesnt your god have power to rescue from trouble? But i say i have the trust in my God who is the creator of heaven and earth. Am worn out lord, look at my suffering and give me the salvation.

Father, are you going to reject me forever, how long are you going to cover your face from me Lord, you test me as though the gold is tested in the fire, but surely you will bring me out like pure gold without any defect in it.

My God makes my enemies wicked and unrighteous to judge my case. My father will judge my case in my favor, his ears are sharper and attentive when i speak. People go to the alter and make their prayers, but i make my prayer to his ears.

Nothing can be compared to this world when my head lies on your chest Jesus! My tears is hidden even to my mother. Father, dont rebuke me in your anger. Dont allow the worthless people to gloat over me, They have everything but they dont have truth, but i have jesus but i own none in this world.

Appa, My abba father, you are my rock which is never moved from me, My defeats and my success comes from you, but you hold me tight in my defeat, so i dont die. I want you not only in my defeat also in my success lord. Lord, if i expect death as my punishment would i not expect life from you? I need your word for me which will pour your blessings which will never go dry and it will overflow my cup of joy.

If i could make wish in my life, i would ask my god to turn all his anger into love for me. Your love for me is like the root in which plant will never die until the root is pulled of.  

Fix your eyes on me Lord, so that i will not sin, fix your eye on me, you will know my suffering and insults which flies in people mouth of those who hate me. Fix your eye on me because you will love me. My enemies are numerous for me, when will you shower your justice for me, How long will you allow them to oppress me. Pour your anger on them till they be no more. 

Lord, i am bold and courgeous in front of the people, but am indeed weak in front of you Lord, I cry only in front of you because you store my tears in your bottle.

Father, show pity to me Lord, you changed your mind to stop punishing David, show me that pity Lord, i will be saved. If you punish me till your wrath gets over i will go into the world of the dead. If i have little goddness in my life its because of you in this world, because this world will tear me into pieces if i go away from you.

My god, i asked you for the street which worships you, but you made me sit next to you and fixed your eye on me. Father, even i if could go to whole world i can never get a place like this to be with you because you are my world.

If i want a place to hide, i would hide in the wings of my Almighty God because no one would oppress me. I wish my god's wings could be the curtain for me.

Lord, you indeed heard my prayer saying that i smile in front of others and cry in front of you because you store my tears in your bottle.

Father, you hold the vengeance against my enemies lord, my life is short. Am the guest to this world, My years of living is enough to love you and serve you not for evil deeds. Even if my enemies are in my hands to punish them, i would let them go free because i cannot love my god with stains of blood in my hands. Make me righteous father, so that my prayers would be heard to you.

Even if my enemies throws the weeds on my way, you are my god who delivers me from the hand of the wicked. You make me stand in my positions and make me to see the fate of the wicked. Father make my eyes to see the wonders in my life, as how you restored the fortunes of Jacob and rebuilt Jersuleam restore my fortunes and rebuild me Lord. 

Father make me as your signet ring on your finger. When a teacher cares for his student, he makes him to sit next to him and monitors to improve his skills. But you made me to sit next to you because you found that i was broken hearted as how a friend sits beside him. Indeed even if i go to best places of the world i can never get a place next to you Lord! No one can opress me when you are beside me.

How could i say my god to bless me and go! i would ask him to bless me and stay with me for all the days of life. But indeed if i will wrestle with him, i would hold him to myself so that he never leaves me. My case is in front of you. I wait for you to judge my case, set me free Lord, because of your steadfast love for me. My God is waiting for a chance to punish my enemies as how the lion waits for its prey and kills it.

Father, i should be beside you Lord, Your right hand should be on my head and your left hand should sorround me. It was the time i never known you, you were like stranger to me even then you had loved me. Lord, as they say zion is outcast and no one cares for her, so my enemies say me that no one cares for me. Lord will you not care for me? 

Almighty God, I never knew that you were in the same boat that am travelling lord, The sea looks terffic with its waves, but it will not drown me because the creator of sea is with me.

My Supreme god, you bend down to see in the world if any righteous person prays to you, i wish i could be righteous atleast for a time where your eyes will fix on me lord. No one can claim to be righteous in front of you except jesus, but you look for the people who is created in the image of jesus.

My path is dark, but still i walk, because my almighty god speaks to my ears and his words are the source of light. Father you created me in the world to love one man of god, my jesus, his spirit is with me as a friend holds his best friend's hand.

Even if could pass in the sea of trouble, Father i would rather die in your hands because my soul will be safe in your presence. Everything what i found in the world is worthless except to remain faithful to you.

If someone asks what could be my last wish, i would say that i want to worship my Almighty god in zion. He would indeed accept my token of love which i put in the offering box.

Father, your promise for me that Jacob will again have peace and security. My hope is in you till all the ages of my life. People may ask why should we be righteous when it doesnt help you, but i say i want to be righteous because i want to see my God in Zion and he will accept my offering.

Even if i go away from you, put a hook on my nose and bring me back to you Lord, Yes bring me back to you but never by anger bring me with strong love so that i always i would hear your voice of love when i lean to your chest.

Doesnt my enemies know that my Lord my God will answer me? How arrogant they are in heart and mind. My god will see my affliction and answer me from heaven. I only know my god's promise is true because My Israel God' words never fails when he speaks.

Happy are those who get the blessings from Israel God, Because its like spring which never fails at any seasons. Father make a covenant with my generation that your name will never ever be forgotten. Its not richness or fame or beauty which decides the person's destiny its only you who decides to give eternal life.

Father, i will never get a God like you besides there is no God exists other than you. I would cling to your feet till my last tear flows. Even if the locust eats my crops, you will restore my days which i lost. Your love is expensive gift which cannot be priced with gold or silver nor any valuable that could be seen from earth.

Give your love to me which cannot be measured even with the depth of the sea. Revive me again because am your Jacob!! Where could i find his feet, i would hug his feet because i will be saved. Your one word will save me Lord, say it when you are delighted with me Father.

Deliver me from the hand of the wicked for they have not shown pity to me, Bury them in your fury, let my enemy become a widow and become motherless on the same day.Their silence doesnt make them wise, they think god is on their side until you raise your hand on them Father. Do not spare them for they have not made peace with me nor with you. Their vows which they made in front of you was disgusting lie, let their home be filled with darkness till they perish with disgrace. Wake up Lord, and judge my case. Let my foes put dust and ashes on their head!

My Almighty your arm should never be removed from me, your right hand withholds me from falling, you keep your eye on me so that i never slip. Your hand on me makes me precious Lord, do not leave me Father. My god who said let there be light and there was light in world will give me all the goodness in my life. Even if i pass through the narrow gate he will not let my feet stumble, i would come out with blessings of my Almighty God!

Even if even the world stands against me, My lord my God, you be with me Father, keep your eye on me, so that no one will oppress me. No money , no happiness , no fame can be compared to your love My Almighty God. Your love is precious to me, cannot be departed from me! 

My Father my delight is in the blessings from your hand. Even if am in the furnace of affliction you are with me and you hold me with your righeous right hand. My faith is that hands of My god will come down for me from heaven and will hold my cheeks and wipe my tears. The maker of heaven and earth will rescue and rebuild me again. My blessings will come from righteous God!

My Isarel God, i went to the heights above and depths below of my life, i went towards right side and left side of my life but found only my jesus in my heart who was true and faithful.  Indeed i walk in front of my Almighty God, because he is my neighbour. My distress days revealed that who is for me and who is against me, it was you jesus who pleads for my sake. Not the days, not the years not pains or tribulations can take your love from me.

How long will i be called as forsaken by you Lord, Father will i never be called as loved by God? My God will answer me and will direct my paths, i will sing song of victory with my God alone when he gives me victory. Yes i will sing song with my God who is my neighbour and best friend. I will sing song only with my zion who is seated at the right hand side of my Father in heaven.

When am upset my spirit within me is upset, hurting my God with my words is like hurting myself with sword. Alas i belong to you Lord, i will walk in the courts of my God with identity of Jacob, he will show mercy to this remanant of Jacob. I get up before the dawn to speak to my God, i pour out my agonies, sufferings and pain to him, He listens to me as how a best friend listens and consoles me with promises. Restore my fortunes before my eyes Lord!

The person knows only at the time of crisis who is for him and who is against him, but at my distress i found none with good words except my God whom i treated as stranger all my days. Lord only you spoke with good words that you would give me peace and security which indeed a girl requires to live in this world. Shouldn't i rejoice with him alone? I will rejoice only with him for all of my days.

Father come back to me with mercy, overflow me with prosperity, your words of peace and security should be mountian fortress for me, comfort me as you comforted zion, and choose me as you choose Jerusalem. Your word is like snow and rain for me for the barren land like me O Lord.

I dig the ditches with faith, i will not see the rain nor the wind, but my valleys will be filled with water. Everyday looks new when i pray to God, he comforts me, replies me with love, and repeats the same what i say when though am in the corner of the world. I feel honored to beg him, i feel honored to hold his leg and cry to him.

Will i be delighted with anyone who can give blessings like you Lord, My delight is in you alone. You are righteous God, what a great joy to get the blessings from you Father. Lord, i should be awake when you visit me, Father make me to keep my eyes open when the day of visitation arrives. I am like a sheep without my shepherd, for the sheep knows it will never be safe without his owner. Even if i live in the best mansions in the world i would never be happy without you Lord!

For David knows God my savoir is merciful god, you showed pity for all generations who served, be merciful to me Lord. Even if I face oppression nor even if am considered as worthless i will wait for my God to rescue me. My acknowledgement of my prayer are my children to you Lord, for my generation will never forget you.
For i only know there is a feet above the sky who holds firm the earth. i cannot reach or even touch the sky so as your feet to the mankind.

I have nothing with me, but anger which i can show, but you say what rights you have to get angry, i dont have rights to get angry. Lord, when you turn towards me when i get angry why is that you dont turn to me when i cry? Are my tears considered to be worthless to you, for i know you hear my words when i speak. For now i eat my food alone for to have peace in my heart!

Its better to be alone than to be with people who have hatred in their heart, its better to be with you than to be with worthless people who is of no use to you. Father let my loneliness be replaced with joy when you give me children. You listen to me but i hear no voice from you, but i wish to talk to you, for you alone repeat my words what i say.

I want to hide myself from you Lord, because am a sinner and even then you hear me. Father i know its not difficult to hold my tears in your bottle but indeed its difficult for me to cry because my heart and my soul which is broken and calls you. 

Father, you heard the cry of your people in Egypt, you were indeed concerned about their suffering. My god, will you never seen me and my cries for i dont know any gods. You are the only God whom i know, i cry to you till you hear me.

God, i wait for my time to come as how the king will hold gold sceptre in a person's hand to show favor for him when he appears before the king, i wait for you to show favor on me Lord. Days passby, months passby, but my seasons remains same. As how a suffering man finds grave as treasure i too search for it but i dont find.I wipe away my tears before anyone notices. I find am alone with no one to justify me as how Job finds himself. 

Father, when i eat my food, the place before me is always empty with no one, the workers besides me are strangers. It was the time where my friends used to wait for me till i finish my supper now i find none to care about me. 

God, give me many children, they are going to be my flesh and blood who is going to sing songs for you Lord, make me to deliver all my children like the Hebrew women

Father, i waited for you in years for your answer for my life, today the waters are upto my neck, God listen to me, hear my plea, rise up for me and do not delay any longer. I plead you not because am righeous but my God is merciful. Do not give me into the hands of my enemies for they hold all kinds of invented lies to plunder my life. I have heard about how you killed Assyrians when they stood against Hezekiah and army, make my eyes to see it, save me lord and judge and my case.

What will i gain in this world if you not answer me, Why should i live my life when your love is not with me. I would rather die in your arms than to die in my enemies accusations.I have not looked for any human helps, i have looked for you Lord in all my trial days. I am like orphan and oppressed with no one to console me. My enemies are numerous and set a trap for me though i have let them go unharmed. Defend me and deliver me from the hand of wicked. Am not righteous but i belong to you as how Jersuleam belongs to you.

I ask all my enemies to take their case and proofs to my God in heaven which is against me, even if i remain silent without arguing i would atleast get the mercy from my Alimghty God which will save my life. My accusers are no where Lord, they are theives in my God's alter. They bear false witness against me to plunder my life and these theives go to my God's alter to worship my God. They laugh at me when they see me in trouble.

Shall i attack my enemies Lord, will you give me victory? Strangers have become my enemies, i find wolves surrounding me Lord, no one to show pity on me. People surround me with good words, but hatred and wickedness is in their blood. Stars and Planets doesnt have future for me. Righteous person doesnt exists in the world as you say Lord, wicked people dont allow me to live in peace. Save me lord, even if no one shows pity on me in the world, i will still hope in you that you will show pity on me.

My God suprises me with gifts on my birthdays, though am poor he remembers me like a best friend.If alone i had a chance to cry behind him, he would have heard my cries and delivered me from my enemies. Restore me Lord, restore because all that i have is you alone who can lift me up. My God, look at my enemies who are against me, they never made peace with me but they took all chances to take proofs against me with their smooth talk.

God, you console me as a child when i cry, i never seen nor will i see person like you who knows me so well. My god in heaven, you hear me when i speak, break the yoke which is around my neck O lord as how you broke jacob's yoke from assiyrans & whip my enemies for all evil they did to me. You never paid for me when you sent me to the captivity, do not pay for me when you deliver me Lord.

Even if the wine steward did not remember joseph, you remembered him in prison, remember me also Lord, for you do not take pleasures in my sufferings.

My jesus, my shepherd am your lamb, pick your lamb and hold me to your cheek Lord, Love me as though you never rejected me. Sufferings or trials will never take my love from you jesus because you are my first love.

My jesus, my suffering is not the last word, but my suffering has brought me closer to you.  

My jesus you are the one whom i long to see when i am in heaven. Your hug will make my eternal life fulfilled. When i stand in front of my God and when he judges me i want my God my father to call me as his friend which i long to hear.











